# Vsauce-Transcripts    
The good people at https://sites.google.com/site/vsaucetranscripts/contact-me have transcribed some of Vsauce's videos. This program puts a local copy of all currently available transcripts into a folder on the user's desktop called "Vsauce Transcripts" and each transcript is a .txt named with the title of the video. It's quite versatile- even if the site changes a bit, it'll still work with few exceptions that I can think of. I doubt anyone else will ever use so I doubt that it would matter.      
Note: this will only work if every video starts with "Hey, Vsauce. Michael here." and ends with "And as always, thanks for watching." So far, every Vsauce video starts and ends with that but if the transcriber changes a comma or period, it won't work.    
Simply put, this is pretty much what happens: The entire homepage is downloaded into a single string. The string is cut down to portions that contain the links to videos from the main Vsauce channel. Then each URL is loaded and the html is downloaded and cut down from the "Hey, Vsauce. Michael here." until "And as always, thanks for watching.", then finally the html/css is stripped off and it's sent to a text file     
I guess I should note that I intentionally made a few inefficiencies for the sake of shortening the code. For example, in the Sauce constructor, I could have just made File file = new File("C:\\Users"); and then use file.list()[5] rather than using new File("C:\\Users").list()[5] twice. Saved a variable, costed some speed. The program is instant so the readability is more important to me than saving a fraction of a second but I want you to know that I'm aware of the cost of that
